if you have zero oh wow you are smart
because idiot idiot and having no result
are not even close related you an idiot
if you're trying to do rated
battlegrounds with zero resilience that
makes you just stupid that does not make
me stupid
she makes me not fucking want to just go
in here and fucking kick it makes you
not G why
lyz good or if you could have better
fuels my healing and your your lack of
resilience has nothing to correspond
with thank your film exactly
that's course I got a holy ballet with
3k reisel and God
I love stupid people like fucking spaced
out so I was out rid of Lego maybe you
actually win now got rid of me I left
because I'm tired of getting cc'd by
mages yeah my sword I'm not in one rage
that not a little work ago age that no
major zero resource just their majors
can run too well polluted use of a
visitor that you were bitching about
getting hit I was with some other way
that was actually good yes and rated
battlegrounds was it now you fucking
idiot
you guys weren't already bad around when
you said it because I looked and you
were in j-bad
oh my god that's on the fucking retarded
ass whatever thing that the stupid tank
that gets hit higher than every person
ever that shit has more damage than
people
that shit was taking like a case from uh
from up I wasn't froze it wasn't frozen
and it was taking a case from Iceland's
and then bitten by last battleground we
did the guy him for like two K's wait so
Lego what happened using a hit with 30 K
with no idea I got hit with a fucking
retarded 30 K while I was in the stupid
tank and in space I was trying to say
that that that that's I could hit that
high because I have no reason no I never
got hit by that high when I was not in a
tank maximum I got hit for was a 12 K
and stranded the entrance and that was
like ridiculously like I had like all
the bolts on that he could possibly have
it was like a star search for 12 K was
retarded dude I went to the bathroom
come back in disturbed itching just shut
up it's over with wow they thought you
are fucking retarded
can I keep people from my head so I
don't have to listen this idiot ooh I'm
doing right about around to win because
I have resilience which is the main
decision actually Hey look a priest
actually got on then once you sign up
for the rated battlegrounds you have
zeros okay with a thousand resilience
you brought 20% of the damn company 2040
and with 3000 it's like almost 60%
resisted against the damage I've left a
big big part of PvP
that's a huge bug PvP it's not the
fucking absolute main part if you're an
incompetent retard and you have 3k
reisel you're still going to do pretty
bad you could be as stupid as hell with
your hair is ill you'll kill somebody
with New Zealand thank you
you
they watch through
[Music]
hey warlock and well I said to come dude
I'm him outside 10 seconds yeah and you
got 3 point 4 K reserve your shows you
explain physically what resilience
better yeah just cuz you're able to
adore me how for somebody's damage does
not mean that you can automatically kill
them every fucking time you last a lot
longer
well yeah but you know you're not going
to automatically become good at the
fucking game because you have because
you could win swapping tol barad to buy
some fucking bloodthirsty it'll help
well you can't win so uh Pinto Brad
anymore anyway so whatever I don't do it
cuz it's just pointless to wait for like
Lego days let me I'm not right in the
car did you guys I'll give you five
thousand build with you given halfway
down in a real duel if you're getting
early halfway doubt it all you need to
do I'll give you five thousand good I'm
not playing Wow right now I'm just like
fuckin laying down they get off it never
want to hear you yeah you're retarded
yeah definitely you're taller than your
abs are well I'm probably smarter than
everyone of you may be highly bitchin
you're badass at the smarter than
everyone 48:14 know and they sense that
whenever you talk about dicks just on
that just over into how you do item yeah
cuz that makes sense when I haven't gone
fucking idiot you just the really stupid
ass people you annoy me